1.
NIGEL THRUSH page 48 

 I have four in my Family Dad Mum and  siter  .
My Dad works at Melton.
My  siter   go  to Tonbury.
My Mum goes out  some times  .
I go to Bridgebrook i go out  some times  on Tuesday night i go to Youth  clob  .
On thursday nights I go  bell ringing  on Saturdays I go down to the farm.
on sundays I go to church.
I go to bed at 10 o clock I  wakh  TV at 5 o clock I live in a house.
The house is in the world.
I live at Boar Parva it is near Melton and Bridgebrook and Smallerden.
The house is white it has stone up the  frount  it is the first from Bridgebrook and the  sexeon  from Smallerden.
My Mum is at home She goes to the shop on fridays My Dad goes to work at Smallerden .

 What I do when I get home from school.
On monday I sometimes go down the farm in the night I  wach  TV there is BBC and I.T.V.
I like I.T.V.
We call Anglia I.T.V.
We have got Anglia like to  wach   cow Boys  .
On Tuesday I get off the bus and  some times  in the night I go to the Youth  colbe  .
I like to  wach  T.V.
there is a lot of things on T.V.
I  wach  it each night.
.
I  thing   tv  is good but people say it gives us  squar   iyes  .

 The Murder Car.
1 night when it was dark about 12  oclock  a man was  nock  down by a car.
The body was found  a  7  oclock  in the morning.
The name of the man who was  kild  was Jack Robbinson he has black hair brown eyes blue Jacket and blue Jeans.
No one  see  the car.
there had  bean  a lot of people  nock  down by a car so they  cald  it the murder car.
The Police  cam  out to look for the car.
The other cars were black so one of the other people said.
The murder man has a black beard The next day one of the policemen were  killd  the next day they found the car over the Hill  the  was the man near it he was dead.

 I kissed a girl one night  Here   iyes  were burning blue She said o do you love me Of course of course I do.

 Bell Ringing.
When you start Bell Ringing you  haveto  ring a bell  be for  you can do  any thing   als  .
It takes a lot to ring a bell on the rope there is a sally.
ON the bell there is a  weel  .
the  weel  has the rope on it some  sally  are green and the  other  are red white and blue.
When you can ring.
You have to ring  rouns  that is when you go 123456 when you can  don  that.
You  rings  like this.
These are the names of them Plain Hunt, plain Bob, Grandsire Doubles.
Grandsire Triples it takes a long time to ring them.
I have been ringing a long time we go to Smallerden and Oakwell and Guildwell we will  we  going to Smallerden this Thursday I ring 1 2 and 3 but not 4 5 and 6 I like going bell ringing, some time the bell  brakes  And the rope goes up and if you are not  carfull  you will go up with it, we start at 7.30 and end at 9.oclock.
Me and my dad bike to Melton.

 THE SICK SOW OF THE ARMY COURT
One day Sergent S. M. Bullimore told Hut 29 to clean  Cynthia  pig sty out.
When Hut 29 got there they had to go and get some  gass   marsks  because the smell was to strong
When S M Bullimore came to the pig sty the pig was laid out on the  foor 
when they came back S. M. Bullimore said  wat  have you been doing to my sow
we have not done anything we had to go and get some  gass   marsks  because the smell was  to  strong
that is only the soap  wat  I  wosh  it with
 prasp  he  et  some soap
Flogger said shall I go and get the vet
get back in the line  be for  I put you on charge
Flogger said under  is  breath `go and have a  poney  run'
what did you say
o nothing sir
go and get some  wiskey 
okay sir
put some soap in it Flogger said Oswald
OK said Flogger
Flogger went off
a little while after he came with a large  soape   wiskey 
he  cave  it to S. M. Bullimore
Then he  cave  it to the pig
A little while after the pig  go  up and there beside  here  were six little pigs
S M Bullimore said that made  here  better that was not me that was the  sope 
you are on charge
 wat  did you give  here 
 I  cave  her some  wiskey  and  sope  you  cave  her that
no I  knver  I sir
you did
 thats  one thing sir It has made her better.

 Pigs When young up to being  kild  for bacon
When they are young you have to  wate  3 days then you can  injeck  them for pneumonia diseases
you have  mack   shore  they have  drye  straw
when you clean them out you should not leave a  falk  in with them because the mother might  nock  it down and the little pigs might stab  them souve 
we give  the   worme   pouder 
that is when they get the  worme 
this will stop them from going thin
you should box a little place off so only the little pigs can get in it
that is so they can  ge  out of the way of  there  mother
some people put a light in with  theme  to  geep  them warm
you have to make  shore  that mother has a lot of milk.
If she  as  not got  a nougth  milk you will have to feed them on a bottle
when they  came  eat a little bit you can get them some little nuts  of   fating 
they can  eate  some meal when they get a little  biger 
we give them some  fating  food called Nomber 2
 whe  you wean that is take them from their mother you have got to see if they fight if there is any little  wones 
fighting
when they  and   bing  you have to see about  waying 
when they have been  waid  and  reddy  to go away to be  kild  .

 Billy Bunter was  to  large So they sent for  Im  in charge
 Im  in charge was  to  thin So they sent  fro  Rin Tin Tin
Rin Tin Tin heart is poor So they sent for Barbra Moore
Barbra Moore was having dinner So  the  sent for Yule Brinner
Yule Brinner sang  to  high Then they went to space in the sky 

 My heart is full of sadness My heart is full of joy It might be my wife Or it might be Helen of  Toy  

 One Saturday I  though  I would go to the Races at London
I went on my  Royl  Enfield
they can go quite  farst 
this was a  Royl  Enfield  Consulatoin 
there were some  Royl  Enfield Racing there as well
I saw a  Royl  Enfield come first it was like mine.
there were the new  Japannese   Hondor 
they are very  farst  and  geting  quite popular in England
I saw one man come off
he was on a B.S.A.
One man had to go in Hospital because he broke  is   lege 
 a nouther  man  hearte   is  arm in a sidecar race
I  dont   thing  it was much
I  sow  a  side car   turne  right over
the  side care  man was alright but the  motor bike  Rider was thrown into the crowd
I  dont   no  what  hapend  to him
he was  heart  quite bad.
the sidecar broke off the  moter bike  and  spund  down the track for 7 yards then hit a man who was on the corner and killed him
his hat was blowing down the track
the  moter bike   caugh  fire and  blow  up
the  petal  went all over the track but they  sone  put it out by sand
there was some oil got on the track as well
it made it very slippery
 They  were quite a few people there because it was a nice dry day
The  fianl  race was on
there were 2  Royl  Enfield 3 Japanese  Hondor  1 B.S.A.
3  Triumh 
they were on the starting line
Bang  there  off
one BSA is still on the starting line the rest are round the bend
I can see one man off
he is on a  trumh 
I think a Japanese  Hondor  is in the lead
I think he is  go  to lead
 his   one  by 3 yards and a  Royl  Enfield 2 and a  Hondor  3.
The End 

we went over the football field it was quite wet and soon made my toes cold.
the grass was quite long now it  shon  with the dew on it.
a field  ploud  next to it I think it was  don  yesterday.
on the other side was  an  hedge
it had a lot of thorns in it .
they  hade   cleand  the river and made it very wide  fore  the ducks
there were some  potato  in the water .
there were some brussels men sitting in the  parth way  round a fire
we had to go on to a  ploud  field to get round them this made my shoes  hevey  .
this was quite muddy
some boys did not think much to it nor did I but we still went.
the dew on the brussels leaves made them  look   pirls  .
Mr. Holbrook went over the brook first
some were boys going round but only one went
after all the rest went over the tree Gerald  nealy  went in
one foot  toch  the water
then we went across the new  pice  of grass into school
we went and  cleand  our shoes with paper
then the bell went for  brack  .


indus91val

123

.
